>  acuraguy86
> i still haven't got  a straight answer from any traitor democrat so can you justify any democrat policy? free healthcare for every person on the planet, the paris climate accord MONEYGRAB, aiding and abetting illegals, just to start.

​ @acuraguy86  You're already starting out by attacking... how do you expect to have any reasonable discussion if that's your approach? If you actually pay attention instead of just focusing on the headlines that trigger you, then there's a lot to discuss. Your assertion that democrat == socialism is not based in reality. For the most part- republicans and democrats are nearly the same party. Looking at the US as a 2-party system--encouraged by media ratings and america's love for drama--only encourages the idea that it's about making the other side lose over picking the best candidate.

From my (not democrat or republican) view- Trump is the worst possible candidate. He's on record talking about grabbing women by their pussy and talking about how great it was to host a teen beauty pageant because you get to go anywhere and see everything. He had many sexual assult charges brought up against him. He's known for ditching on the bill for many things- including campaign rally costs. At this point, it appears most likely his actual net worth is a negative number. Everyone around him keeps getting convicted of felonies. He's been impeached. Most of the time he speaks, it's largely incoherent rambling and repeating with goofy faces. He's constantly lying--no matter what side of the sphere you're on... he's made it extremely obvious how bad blatant corruption is in this country. He's told white supremacists to "stand back and stand by." His go-to arguing tactic is name calling and talking louder /longer. He's been attempting to bring Gitmo back to it's "former glory," despite both senate/congress previously having relatively unanimous support for it's closure. Our country has gone so much further down that laughing stock road that Canada gave us a joker's hat. Instead of supporting all states during the beginning of this pandemic, he turned everything (ventilators, masks, distancing, etc.) into a political thing. He's still encouraging people to pretend it doesn't exist and that nobody actually dies from it. Instead of trying to bring peace and unity during protests, he again pushed to divide the country further. He's spoken in favor of /more/ physical abuse while arresting suspects. He's convinced many people that immigrants (legal & illegal) are the devil and need to be eradicated (sound like a bit of history to you?). He's both said he downplayed /and/ upplayed the severity of covid (he uses whatever sounds best at the time). He used ventilators to threaten states. In /any/ company in the US, terminating someone as retaliation for speaking up about a concern would be a lawsuit, but this is a go-to tactic of his. Despite his wall being a dumb idea, it was a big campaign point. You already indicated (via "aiding and abetting illegals") that you care about this point. Well... let's look at his wall. As of 25 Sept 2020, of the 321 total miles, only 9 of those miles has been over new land. All of the rest has been replacing old or replacing the replacements that fell down. He's created policies that benefit the wealthy and harm the working class (despite that being his largest base). He encouraged Uyghur to continue building concentration camps. He's commended Xi for China's attempt to ignore their own policy in order to forcefully assimilate Hong Kong. He said, "and then we fell in love," while referring to Kim Jong-un. He's wasted more Secret Service dollars just playing golf in his first year and a half than most presidents need for an entire term. He refused to hand his companies over to his kids and/or put his interest into a trust for the duration of his term. Instead of standard (near the WH) accommodations, he had foreign visitors stay at his hotel... paid for by tax payers (magic rate hike anyone?). He's tried to de-legitimize actual journalism while simultaneously promoting a show that calls itself news but has also won a case against them using the excuse that the host's views are so absurd no reasonable person would believe them (Tucker C. on Fox). He's made it clear he's proud of not reading daily briefings. Despite absentee ballots having been a thing for /many/ years (and my method every round), he decided to attack the process during a pandemic just for the sake of getting excuses in early if he loses so that he can use the now-stacked supreme court to undermine the entire process. Even better... he doesn't realize that the constitution explicitly allows states to handle voting however they decide. Why? Because that vote doesn't even matter. The only thing that matters is the first Monday after the second Wednesday in December, where elected electors cast the only presidential vote that actually matters... meaning the final result still could theoretically be 100% blue or red. (read the constitution...) He repeatedly encourages election meddling. He's advocated keeping children separate from parents... some of those kids haven't seen their parents in over a year. He keeps using the excuse, "it's coming, it'll be here in two weeks, I have it right here <shows folded up paper>." He disbanded the pandemic response team and tore up the response manual that was left for him and then blamed Obama for never creating the mess for him. His approach to keeping numbers down has been to a) keep people on a ship so they're not technically in the country, b) screw with how death has always been reported, c) reduce testing so you can't have a positive result, d) just claim that the numbers are a hoax/conspiracy against him. He attacked Biden for having a son that got over a drug problem, despite having a son with a very obvious cocaine problem (look up 'coke jaw'). He often jumps between "I don't know them, never met them, ever" and "they're a fantastic person, an amazing person" when referring to people on trial. We continue to be a global leader in new covid cases and deaths. He pushed both potentially- and definitely-deadly medications early on, which was not only proven to be ineffective for that use, but also caused major shortages for people that desperately need that medication to survive. He held a military parade for himself that cost over USD$5.3 million. He said that POWs and combat killed are, as he said, "suckers and losers." He shoved a foreign leader aside because he wasn't in front. He threatens to blow up foreign religious/heritage sites... as well as other war crimes. He's obviously used the WH for personal gain, including that Goya advertisement and Ivanka's new deals with China. He hid the visitor logs to hide how many people were at various WH events (typically something that's public record). His staff and supporters have worked toward hampering the USPS in order to make it non-profitable and unable to keep up with absentee voting... or Christmas. He used Ukraine in an attempt to help his chances with this election. He gave security clearances to his kids, which I still can't wrap my mind around. He's claimed that a lack of raking the forest is why fires are getting worse. He continually argues against experts in order to discredit them and drive yet more divide into this country. He used twitter to call for the boycott of a company that he didn't like. When he made a mistake listing states that are going to get hit by a Cat5 hurricane, instead of just saying oops or pretending it didn't happen, he had to triple down and keep repeating the name Alabama, causing many business/people to close/evacuate that had no reason to. Even worse... he then held a press briefing where he showed a "modified" (he poorly free-handed with a black marker) map where the prediction includes a tiny portion of Alabama. He tried to get various whistle-blowers exposed... note: The whole reason companies always keep that anonymous is to protect the reporter and keep things civil. I've been on the receiving end of reports. I shared a copy of my timesheet and logs and that was the end of it. He's said that his tax returns were obtained illegally and (many times) indirectly suggested they were probably actual copies, and much of what was described matches public record. It looks very much like Trump is a business failure who keep losing business which allows him to report losses every year, which is why he's paid no taxes for most of that 15(?) year period. The "audit" he keeps referring to seems to be related to a multi-million refund that he claimed but was ineligible for. He shared government secrets on national television. He mocks assault victims. Hate crimes and hate parades have been on a strong rise since he took office; instead of refuting them, he retweets them. He took credit for some of the better bills that Obama signed.

Oh, wow... There's so much left that I can recall off the top of my head and I didn't even get anywhere near policy.
</me scurries off to see what the google has memorized>
https://www.mcsweeneys.net/articles/the-complete-listing-so-far-atrocities-1-964 <-- Anything with an orange dot is related to policy.

What do we get with Biden? Someone who's been awkward around young women but never formally accused? Someone who can at a minimum read a teleprompter... despite a life-long stutter? Sure... he's also someone who supports passing--and is on record voting in favor of--legislation that prevents a lot of the corruption issues that have become so apparent these past four years... ya know, instead of actively exploiting those problems.


Now, for your eloquent arguments against Biden...

> free healthcare for every person on the planet
Who ever said for everyone in the planet? Universal healthcare is something that the vast majority of the world has adopted and they have proven it works incredibly well. I had a pretty good job before Trump's handling of the pandemic caused people to split between overly-complacent and stupidly-fearful which in turn caused me to lose my job. I had just paid off my house (final debt) and had a cushion to get by. Unfortunately, every place that I was qualified for was in a hiring freeze. I had to get the cheapest insurance I could find which ended up costing $450/mo. Ah, right... I'm also a cancer survivor and will need daily medical supplies for the rest of my life. I provide an overall increase in healthcare cost for whatever company I'm working for... rather than absorbing that across the entire nation.

If you think universal healthcare would /add/ to the overall cost, then you need to do some research- like what medical supplies are billed to insurance at vs. what they cost to produce, and what it costs to hire all the people to decide what will/won't be covered and to process the paperwork. You should also consider how many people visit the emergency department by default because they can't be turned away for not having insurance, payment, or citizenship. Tying healthcare to employment is an utterly ridiculous approach for so many other reasons, but let's move on with you're next nicely thought-out argument.

> the paris climate accord MONEYGRAB
I assume you're referring to The Paris Agreement. God forbid we be part of a pact to improve this planet for future generations... what a horrible idea! (yes, that was sarcasm...) Unfortunately, despite your very well-written argument, I'm unable to ascertain if "moneygrab" as meant to imply money being funneled out of the country. If so, I would encourage you to read the actual agreement--it's actually a very easy read. If you buy the claim that it hurts lower- and middle-class citizens, then you very much need to actually read it.


> aiding and abetting illegals
This is just blatantly false. The frustration toward illegal immigration is generally a universal constant across most people in most countries on this planet.

Personally, I think they're both garbage, but when you actually pay attention and spend a little bit of time researching, it becomes obvious just how much worse of a choice Trump is. Unfortunately, his base is largely comprised of a) hate group activists, b) people who this fox is gospel (despite them using the excuse, "no reasonable person would take [tucker] seriously" to win a suit against them), c) people who like headlines, being told what to do, and hate research (... god forbid they realize they're actually on the losing side right now), d) or some combination.


Unfortunately, until we get rid of the EC--which would stop winner-take-all voting and make 3rd party candidates no longer just theory--our nation will largely see it as a two-party system, which enables media to increase and dramatize that division, helps parties maintain power (more blatant corruption), and prevents civil discussion. This seems to be compounded by the "entitled" nature of our country. Many (old and young) in this country seem to have the mindset that they're owed something. This seems like it could potentially lead to some of the five traits a study identified most trump supporters as having.
- https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/mind-in-the-machine/201712/analysis-trump-supporters-has-identified-5-key-traits
